hi guys today I'm going to show you two
ways to cook none at home without a
tandoor oven
you will need 340 grams of flour 1/2 TSP
of salt
190 mils of water now this is lukewarm
water a teaspoon of sugar a teaspoon of
yeast 2/3 of a cup of plain yogurt and
two and a half tablespoons of oil now
put all of these ingredients in the
description bar so check that out now
into the water at the yeast and the
sugar and gently stir until the sugars
dissolved and then set it to one side in
a warm place for about 1/2 hour and what
we're looking for here guys is that
froth on top now add in your oil d
yogurt
the flower
and the salt
and mix it all together well now you can
use a mixer or a bread maker for this or
you can just use your hands so once it's
mixed give it a good knead until that
dough smooth and then place it in a
lightly oiled tub and cover it and set
it aside in a warm place for about two
hours to rise so the dough's ready to go
as you can see it's tripled in size so
I'm cutting it into four portions to
make for nine and then simply just
spread it out with your fingertips into
the shape that you want it's a very soft
dough very easy to work with now I've
got the barbecue preheated to 250
degrees Celsius nice and hot indirect
cooking of course use your oven if you
like and then bake it for about 12
minutes or so is all it will take
then simply cover with a bit of butter
and they're done now the second cooking
method is just as easy get a barbecue
flat plate or your frying pan inside
cover with some butter put on the naan
it only takes about 2 to 3 minutes per
side until it's golden brown and this is
what you get as you can see it's
beautiful and soft
so nothing else to do now but try some
so I've got some vindaloo here just tear
off a bit of that nine bit of curry on
the naan
and digging guys
and that is absolutely beautiful now
there are many different flavors of nine
out there so drop me a comment below and
tell me your favorite flavor of nan be
sure to check out my other videos and
subscribe for regular updates thanks for
watching and I'll catch you all next
time